r7 has 46 links with f27 and gap of 281 bases
f7 has 56 links with f14 and gap of -7 bases
r13 has 40 links with f21 and gap of -8 bases
f13 has 49 links with f9 and gap of -3 bases
r14 has 56 links with r7 and gap of -7 bases
f14 has 46 links with f5 and gap of -5 bases
r15 has 101 links with r10 and gap of 6 bases
f15 has 40 links with f3 and gap of -5 bases
r18 has 39 links with f11 and gap of -2 bases
f18 has 54 links with f8 and gap of -2 bases
r21 has 40 links with f13 and gap of -8 bases
f21 has 34 links with f4 and gap of -2 bases
r24 has 45 links with r6 and gap of -11 bases
f24 has 121 links with r9 and gap of 14 bases
r28 has 82 links with r16 and gap of 156 bases
r28 has 16 links with r25 and gap of 8 bases
r1 has 65 links with r23 and gap of 172 bases
r1 has 35 links with f16 and gap of 87 bases
r1 has 20 links with f27 and gap of 16 bases
r1 has 17 links with r19 and gap of 343 bases
f1 has 116 links with f17 and gap of 49 bases
r2 has 52 links with r12 and gap of -4 bases
f2 has 53 links with r11 and gap of -12 bases
r3 has 40 links with r15 and gap of -5 bases
f3 has 111 links with r4 and gap of 14 bases
r4 has 34 links with r21 and gap of -2 bases
f4 has 111 links with r3 and gap of 14 bases
r5 has 46 links with r14 and gap of -5 bases
f5 has 50 links with f12 and gap of -7 bases
f6 has 45 links with f24 and gap of -11 bases
r8 has 54 links with r18 and gap of -2 bases
f8 has 42 links with f10 and gap of 0 bases
r9 has 49 links with r13 and gap of -3 bases
f9 has 121 links with r24 and gap of 14 bases
r10 has 42 links with r8 and gap of 0 bases
f10 has 101 links with f15 and gap of 6 bases
r11 has 39 links with f18 and gap of -2 bases
f11 has 53 links with r2 and gap of -12 bases
r12 has 50 links with r5 and gap of -7 bases
f12 has 52 links with f2 and gap of -4 bases
r16 has 35 links with f1 and gap of 87 bases
r16 has 28 links with f23 and gap of 211 bases
r16 has 16 links with f19 and gap of -2 bases
r16 has 11 links with r27 and gap of 96 bases
f16 has 17 links with f25 and gap of 33 bases
r17 has 116 links with r1 and gap of 49 bases
r19 has 16 links with f16 and gap of -2 bases
f19 has 30 links with r27 and gap of 231 bases
f19 has 17 links with f1 and gap of 343 bases
f19 has 7 links with f23 and gap of -8 bases
r20 has 14 links with r26 and gap of 38 bases
f20 has 96 links with f22 and gap of 191 bases
r22 has 96 links with r20 and gap of 191 bases
r22 has 25 links with r26 and gap of 358 bases
r23 has 28 links with f16 and gap of 211 bases
r25 has 17 links with r16 and gap of 33 bases
f25 has 16 links with f28 and gap of 8 bases
f26 has 14 links with f20 and gap of 38 bases
r27 has 20 links with f1 and gap of 16 bases
f27 has 30 links with r19 and gap of 231 bases
