f1 has 21 links with f11 and gap of -8 bases
f1 has 6 links with r10 and gap of 172 bases
r2 has 11 links with f4 and gap of 10 bases
r3 has 27 links with r7 and gap of 137 bases
r4 has 11 links with f2 and gap of 10 bases
f4 has 26 links with f7 and gap of -4 bases
r5 has 13 links with f11 and gap of -17 bases
r5 has 10 links with r10 and gap of 238 bases
f5 has 11 links with f9 and gap of 162 bases
f5 has 7 links with f8 and gap of 123 bases
f6 has 12 links with f9 and gap of -24 bases
r7 has 26 links with r4 and gap of -4 bases
f7 has 27 links with f3 and gap of 137 bases
r8 has 7 links with r5 and gap of 123 bases
f8 has 6 links with f10 and gap of 196 bases
r9 has 12 links with r6 and gap of -24 bases
r9 has 11 links with r5 and gap of 162 bases
f9 has 20 links with f10 and gap of 71 bases
r10 has 20 links with r9 and gap of 71 bases
r10 has 6 links with r8 and gap of 196 bases
f10 has 10 links with f5 and gap of 238 bases
f10 has 6 links with r1 and gap of 172 bases
r11 has 21 links with r1 and gap of -8 bases
r11 has 13 links with f5 and gap of -17 bases
